Rename EXTRA_QT_PLUGINS to EXTRA_QT_MODULES (#174)
linuxdeploy/linuxdeploy-plugin-qt: README.md

**Qt specific:**
- `$QMAKE=/path/to/my/qmake`: use another `qmake` binary to detect paths of plugins and other resources (usually doesn't need to be set manually, most Qt environments ship scripts changing `$PATH`)

> - `$EXTRA_QT_MODULES=pluginA;pluginB`: Modules to deploy even if not found automatically by linuxdeploy-plugin-qt

Reviewer: You might also want to adjust the example values:
```suggestion
- `$EXTRA_QT_MODULES=moduleA;moduleB`: Modules to deploy even if not found automatically by linuxdeploy-plugin-qt
```
